When Alexander Bell invented the telephone, he had 3 missed calls from Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris doesn't call the wrong number, You answer the wrong phone.
Apple pays Chuck Norris 99 cents every time he listens to a song.
Chuck Norris can sneeze with his eyes open.
Chuck Norris can eat just one Lay's potato chip.
Chuck Norris can kill two stones with one bird.
Chuck Norris’ house has no doors, only walls that he walks through.
Chuck Norris CAN believe it's not butter.
Chuck Norris can divide by zero.
A picture is worth a thousand words. A Chuck Norris is worth 1 billion words.
Chuck Norris invented his own type of karate. It's called Chuck-Will-Kill.
While urinating, Chuck Norris is easily capable of welding titanium.
When Chuck Norris talks, everybody listens. And dies.
Contrary to popular belief, there is indeed enough Chuck Norris to go around.
Chuck Norris always knows the EXACT location of Carmen San Diego.
Nobody doesn't like Sara Lee. Except Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris doesn't throw up if he drinks too much. Chuck Norris throws down!
Chuck Norris has 12 moons. One of those moons is the Earth.
Chuck Norris ordered a Big Mac at Burger King, and got one.
Chuck Norris can drink an entire gallon of milk in thirty-seven seconds.
It takes Chuck Norris 20 minutes to watch 60 Minutes.
Chuck Norris doesn't believe in Germany.
Chuck Norris can touch MC Hammer.
Some people wear Superman pajamas. Superman wears Chuck Norris pajamas.
There is in fact an “I" in Norris, but there is no “team"… not even close.
Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.
Helen Keller's favorite color is Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris doesn't step on toes. Chuck Norris steps on necks.
Movie trivia: The movie "Invasion U.S.A." is, in fact, a documentary.
Chuck Norris did in fact, build Rome in a day.
Once you go Norris, you are physically unable to go back.
Chuck Norris doesn't play god. Playing is for children.
Chuck Norris can set ants on fire with a magnifying glass. At night.
Some kids play Kick the can. Chuck Norris played Kick the keg.
Chuck Norris cannot love, he can only not kill.
If at first you don't succeed, you're not Chuck Norris.
Most boots are made for walkin'. Chuck Norris' boots ain't that merciful.
Chuck Norris wears a live rattlesnake as a condom.
The Bible was originally titled "Chuck Norris and Friends"
When Chuck Norris says "More cowbell", he MEANS it.
Chuck Norris was what Willis was talkin' about.
Chuck Norris can lead a horse to water AND make it drink.
Chuck Norris shot the sheriff, but he round house kicked the deputy.
Chuck Norris can judge a book by its cover.
Chuck Norris is the reason why Waldo is hiding.
Everybody loves Raymond. Except Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris got his drivers license at the age of 16. Seconds.
Chuck Norris can win at solitaire with only 18 cards.
Coroners refer to dead people as "ABC's". Already Been Chucked.
Chuck Norris doesn't wear a watch, HE decides what time it is.
When chuck Norris does division, there are no remainders.
Chuck Norris can taste lies.
Chuck Norris can blow bubbles with beef jerky.
Chuck Norris can skeletize a cow in two minutes.
Chuck Norris' first job was as a paperboy. There were no survivors.
Chuck Norris doesn't need to sudo to make you to make a sandwich for him.
Don't bother trying to fix a segmentation fault.
Chuck Norris is an insane build environment.
Chuck Norris can bend light. With his bare hands.
There is no chin under Chuck Norris's beard, only another fist
Chuck Norris doesn't wear sun-screen. The sun wears Chuck-screen.
Death once had a "Near Chuck Norris Experience."