He lives vicariously through himself.
He once had an awkward moment, just to see how it feels.
His beard alone has experienced more than a lesser man's entire body.
When it is raining, it is because he is thinking of something sad.
His shirts never wrinkle.
He is left-handed and right-handed.
If he were to mail a letter without postage, it would still get there.
His blood smells like cologne.
On every continent in the world, there is a sandwich named after him. 
His hands feel like rich brown suede.
Cuba imports cigars from him. 
Mosquitoes refuse to bite him purely out of respect.
In museums, he is allowed to touch the art.
His business card simply says "I'll call you".
He has won the lifetime achievement award, twice.
If he were to punch you in the face, you would have to fight off the urge to thank him.
He bowls overhand.
He is fluent in all languages, including three that he only speaks.
He tips an astonishing 100%.
Once while sailing around the world, he discovered a short cut.
Panhandlers give him money.
He divorced his wife because he caught her littering.
His passport requires no photograph.
When he drives a new car off the lot, it increases in value.
Alien Abductors ask him to probe them
Cuba imports cigars from him.
Dicing onions doesn’t make him cry, it only makes him stronger
Even his enemies list him as their emergency contact number
Every time he goes for a swim dolphins appears
He bowls overhand.
He can identify UFOs
He can speak spanish in russian
He doesn’t believe in using oven mitts, nor potholders.
He has amassed an incredibly large DVD library, it is said he never once alphabetized it.
He has crossed the point of no return... on several occasions.
He has inside jokes with complete strangers.
He has never filled up on chips.
He has never relied on Mistletoe.
He has won the lifetime achievement award, twice.
He is fluent in all languages, including three that he only speaks.
He is left-handed and right-handed.
He is the only man to have ever aced a Rorschach test.
He lives vicariously through him self.
He never says something tastes like chicken, not even chicken.
He tips an astonishing 100%.
He wouldn’t be afraid to show his feminine side, if he had one
He’s won trophies for his game face alone
His blood smells like cologne
His charm is so contagious, vaccines have been created for it
He is the life of parties he has never attended
His hands feel like rich brown suede
His legend proceeds him, the way lighting proceeds thunder
His mother has a tattoo that says son
His passport requires no photograph.
His personality is so magnetic he is unable to carry credit cards
His pillow talk is years ahead of it’s time.
His Pinatas fight back
His reputation is expanding faster than the universe
His shirts never wrinkle.
His snow globe gets 24 inches of powder annually
If at first he does not succeed, then it is impossible.
If he were to give you directions, you would't get lost and arrive at least 5 minutes early.
In museums, he is allowed to touch the art.
Mosquitos refuse to bite him purely out of respect.
On every continent in the world, there is a sandwich named after him.
Once while sailing around the world, he discovered a short cut.
Panhandlers give him money.
Regardless of temperature you can never see his breath
Respected archaeologists fight over his discarded apple cores.
Several saints share his likeness, or vice versa depending on who you ask
He found the fountain of youth, but didn’t drink because he wasn’t thirsty
The aztec calendar has his cinco de mayo party chiseled in
The contents of his tacos refuse to fall from their shells
The police often question him, just because they find him interesting
When he drives a new car off the lot, it increases in value.
When it is raining, it is because he thinking about something sad.
Years ago he Built a city out of blocks, today over 600,000 people live and work there